---
title: Education
subtitle: Learn about your rights and responsibilities as a tenant. 
#image: assets/img/portfolio/2.png
#alt: 

caption:
  title: Education
  subtitle: Learn about your rights and responsibilities as a tenant. 
  thumbnail: assets/img/portfolio/1.png
---

### Know your rights!

It is important that you know your rights and that starts with reading your lease thoroughly. A landlord is legally obligated to provide a safe and habitable living environment for their tenants. Some leases cover the basics that are required by federal, state, and local laws, others provide more rights to the tenant. It is important that you understand your lease and what it means that you and your landlord can and cannot do, according to state and local laws.

After you have read your lease, read the <a href="https://www.kansaslegalservices.org/files/THB.pdf" target="_blank">Kansas Tenants Handbook</a>. It is important to understand that you are the expert on your experience as a tenant. Another great resource is <a href="https://www.kansaslegalservices.org/node/1934/tenant-issues-and-rights-kansas-renters" target="_blank">this Kansas Legal Services</a> essential information guide. It is a must read!


If you are experiencing issues with your property management company or your landlord, it is highly likely that your neighbors are too. Community and collective action is the strongest tool when it comes to holding landlords accountable. We understand that in the new digital age where everyone is busy with life, it is difficult to get out and meet one's neighbors, but we encourage you to begin, at the least, making contact with your neighbors and asking them if they are having any issues as a tenant of the property

